Prop 2.3.7 (Spitfire) port modifications
----------------------------------------

Prop has been ported to :-

    - Cygwin GCC 3.4.3
    - Linux GCC 4.0
    - Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 Express.

I could not be ported to Visual Studio 2003 as it had a bug that made
porting rather alkward.

Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 Express is availiable from :-

    http://lab.msdn.microsoft.com/express/visualc/default.aspx

Porting done by Aaron Gray (angray@beeb.net)

Modifications
-------------

modified config.h, enabled BOOL and explicit.

Modern STL headers. Changed all old STL '.h' headers to modern headers.
"using namespace std;" has been includeed in all source files.
<strstream> is still used though, I have included '-Wno-deprecated' flag to
disable warnings.

ADLib 'iolexerbuf.cc' has been modified to use 'getline()'.
'lexer.pcc' has been modified to ignore CR's.

'typename' has been added in dlist.h, hashmap.h, dchash.h.

Linux uses strcasecmp() rather than stricmp() in 'strings/quark.cc'.

list.cc is no longer needed.

rwgen3.pcc has been modified on line 466 to include a dummy lvalue that
replaces the old lvalue that gets translated in to a rvalue that causes
a bug when it is used on the left hand side of an equals expression.

ADlib backend-tools, vlsi, and persist have been missed out of the build as
they cause errors that have not been fixed yet. So have pretty printings
pristream and priostream been excluded in the make file for now.

matchgen next variable is initialized. so is parsegen's syn__ initialized.

renamed 'pair' as 'makepair' in basics.h as pair already defined.

The implemntation of enumberation types has been modified as GCC was
complaining of non constant casting in case statements. TUPLEtycon and
friends have been modified not to be TyCons anymore.

vararray.h has special mods for MS builds.

piostream.h has special Cygwin mod. ???

Modified va_arg calls in gencode.pcc to use int's then cast to appropriate
types to avoid segment faults on GCC.

Modified makefiles. Removed -save_space and -O14 as they both caused compile
errors. Linked prop makefile dependancy to ADlib library.

In codegen.pcc line 178 #line directives are generated in comment space on
Windows for debugging purposes for now. Need moding backslashes to double
backslashes for Windows paths to avoid string space meta escape char
generation.

Had to comment out line in visualize.cc line 57 as seekpos() is protected :-
    //   label_text.rdbuf()->seekpos(0);
This introduces a bug in the version to be fixed in next, needs alternate
coding.

modified setl-ast.pcc 'sstream' renamed to 'ostream'.

Garbage collection has sbrk commented out for Cygwin and Linux :-
    //extern "C" void * sbrk(int);

GCC build has 'backend-tools' disabled, as it can cause segment faults.

Windows build has GC, persist and lots of other parts of ADlib not used
directly by Prop disabled.

Conclutions
-----------

I think that is everything I have modified.

Prop builds on Cygwin with no warnings. ADlib has warnings.
Lots of warnings on Windows.

This release needs proper fixes before the version 2.3.8 release.
 - Finish porting the unused bits of ADLib in MSVC++ build.
 - #line directive support on Windows.
 - Need to normalize tabs into spaces and maybe use tabs of 2 rather than 3.
 - clean up loose ends and unused files.
